hey what's going on everybody this is
Justin with fire house cards got a
package in the day you can see it's from
the baseball card exchange for those of
you don't know baseball card exchange is
the website it's a company that
specializes in unopened vintage packs
they're one of the best places in the
hobby to get them and you can I mean
they're well packaged you can tell no
rattling around anyway you know with
people opening packs and searching them
you really have to buy from a reputable
place and this is the one place I highly
recommend and every month I'm going to
be doing a vintage some vintage breaks
and I'm extremely excited for this month
see what all we got yeah package very
well but the website is www.seannal.com
the stuff from every year just about all
sports very well packaged yeah we got a
ton of stuff this month really excited
all right
we start off we're gonna do that 86
sello pack this is Jerry Rice's rookie
year
she's got 31 cards in the pack and piece
of very old gum this is 84 football
sello pack John Elway Dan Marino
possible rookies Darryl Greene Eric
Dickerson and this is a play this is the
82 83 opechee hockey wax pack possible
rookies are Grant Fuhr Ron Francis and
this is the 80 45 I believe and rookies
are this is Steve Yzerman rookie year so
that's what I'm hoping for but I think
there's also like Doug Gilmour cam neely
Chris Chelios and that one
this is 8687 this is this is the big one
for me this is a Patrick waz rookie year
and that's a really tough card to pull
but and these are 83 84 Oh peachy hockey
this is Scott Stevens rookie year my
all-time favorite favorite players so I
just figured I'd give that a shot and
try to pull one of his anyway I'll
probably do the videos in two separate
one for the football and one for hockey
just because some football player
football fans don't like hockey and some
hockey you don't like football but
anyway I'll go ahead and get these
broken and get them up all right guys
I'm gonna open the 8283 OPG hockey pack
this is Grant Fuhr here Ron Francis
I'm not exactly sure how many cards per
pack but I think there's 300 and almost
400 cards in the set so odds aren't too
great that will pull one but you know
maybe we'll pull something else all the
seams look really good really solid
condition for the pack so there's some
good Gretzky's and different stars to
get also so maybe we'll have some luck
yeah that's not coming off all right
Robert Picard a Jerry minor the Canucks
Willie Huber Don spring Rick Walmsley I
believe this is his rookie card
I got a Doug Williams
Wilson sorry in action rod lengua
you know Mike Zook the blues Chris
Katsopolis for the Wailers Wally we're
Nordiques red Maxwell and onder's Kahlua
was our dumb card it's trashed anyway
fortunately no big rookies no big stars
in this pack still fun to break this old
stuff check out the other videos I'm
gonna shortly I'm gonna do the 86 87 80
45 and 83 84 opt backs thanks for
watching